[#23543] Set CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX to always create .so files. (#207)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-python: fastdds_python/CMakeLists.txt

project(fastdds_python VERSION 2.4.0)

> if(NOT WIN32)
>     if(SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX)
>         set(CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX ".${SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX}")
>     else()
> 
>         # Default values for shared library suffix
>         if(${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME} STREQUAL "Linux")
>             set(CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX ".so")
>         elseif(${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME} STREQUAL "Darwin")
>             set(CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX ".so")
>         endif()
>     endif()
> endif()

Reviewer: We decided to always change the value. No need of a user's cmake option.

```suggestion
if(NOT WIN32)
    # Default values for shared library suffix in MacOS
    if(${CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME} STREQUAL "Darwin")
        set(CMAKE_SHARED_LIBRARY_SUFFIX ".so")
    endif()
endif()
```

Reviewer 2: Done in 36d257a8651b9f1640b852cc8e2ea11817ddc068
